Replace tarantoolctl with tt (CE part) (#3706)
tarantool/doc: doc/book/admin/os_notes.rst

> Mac OS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
macOS
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> On Mac OS, you can administer Tarantool instances only with :ref:`tt <tt-cli>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, you can administer Tarantool instances only with :ref:`tt <tt-cli>`.
```

> On Mac OS, you can administer Tarantool instances only with :ref:`tt <tt-cli>`.

Reviewer 2: Section FreeBSD, lines 22, 32, 28-30:

1) tarantoolctl or tt?
2) improve bullet list:
* ``default`` for ``tarantoolctl`` defaults (see example below)
* ``instances.available`` for all available instance files
* ``instances.enabled`` for instance files to be auto-started by sysvinit

Author: Moved this part to tarantooctl page; no FreeBSD specifics for tt (at least for now).
